README.md, before:

# hi
> A fun little cli companion.
>
> A friendly little cli companion.
> 
> A handy little cli companion.

hi is a unified command line task runner. Fow now, it is an alias to the the [Just task runner](https://just.systems). It uses git to publish and update changes to recipe modules. 

## Install
### On Windows

**IMPORTANT**: The following instructions assume you have **Powershell** (pwsh) and **WinGet** intalled.

#### A) Experimental (Install script)
Use the install script to boostrap the necessasy dependencies onto your system and get started. The script will:
- install `git` and `just`, if they are not found
- clone hi to `$HOME/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi`, if that directory does not already exist
- add a function definition for `hi` to your user profile, `$PROFILE`
```powershell
> iwr https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rudylattae/hi/refs/heads/main/install.ps1 -useb | iex
```

#### B) Manual steps
**1. Install prerequisites (git and Just)**
You will need to install git, install Just and configure the "hi" alias for your profile. You will need a simple tool to edit your profile and config files.  `VS Code`  or `NotePad++` will do nicely on Windows.
```powershell
> winget install Git.Git Casey.Just Microsoft.VisualStudioCode
```

**2. Clone the hi repo inot ~/bin**
```powershell
> cd ~/bin
> clone git@github.com:rudylattae/hi.git
```

**3. Configure the alias. **
Add the following function to your PowerShell profile. The function acts as a thin wrapper around just and loads the `main.just` always.

```powershell
# Edit your PowerShell profile
> code $PROFILE
```

```powershell
function hi() {
    just --shell "pwsh.exe" --shell-arg -c --justfile ${HOME}/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi/justfile $args
}
```

### On Linux
**1. Install prerequisites (git and Just)**
```bash
# Install just with install script (preferred)
$ curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://just.systems/install.sh | bash -s

# install just with package manager, see: https://just.systems/man/en/packages.html
# e.g. on Debian (Ubuntu, etc.) -- versions run behind, tread carefully.
$ apt install just
```

#### A) Experimental (Install script)

Use the install script to get hi onto your system and get started. The script will:
- check for a few dependencies and alert you if they are not found (`git` and `just`)
- clone hi to `$HOME/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi`, if that directory does not already exist
- add an alias for `hi` to your `~/.bash_aliases`
    - if `~/.bash_aliases` is not found, it will output the alias line for you to manually add it somewhere
```bash
$ curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rudylattae/hi/refs/heads/main/install.sh | bash -s
```

#### B) Manual steps

**1. Clone the hi repo into ~/bin**
```bash
$ mkdir -p ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae
$ cd ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae
$ git clone git@github.com:rudylattae/hi.git
```

**2. Configure the alias.**
Add the following alias to your .bash_rc or .bash_profile. The alias acts as a thin wrapper around just and loads the `main.just` always.

```bash
alias hi='just --justfile  ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi/justfile $args'
```

## Configure
To configure hi, you would need to have 


## Usage
Once `hi` is installed and boostrapped on your machine, run it to see the available recipes
```powershell
> hi
Available recipes:
    self ...      # Manage "hi" itself
```

In this case you see the `self` module which is used to manage `hi` itself. To see what recipes are available in the `self` module do:
```powershel
> hi self
Available recipes:
    bootstrap             # Configure hi and get going
    path                  # Output the directory where hi's justfiles are
    publish version notes # Publish a new version
    push message          # Commit and push any changes
    update                # Update the hi repo to the lastest version
    up                    # alias for `update`
```

Commit message:

Update install script to not exit the powershell after preflight checks

README.md, after:

# hi
> A fun little cli companion.
>
> A friendly little cli companion.
> 
> A handy little cli companion.

hi is a unified command line task runner. Fow now, it is an alias to the the [Just task runner](https://just.systems). It uses git to publish and update changes to recipe modules. 

## Install
### On Windows

**IMPORTANT**: The following instructions assume you have **Powershell** (pwsh) and **WinGet** intalled.

#### A) Experimental (Install script)
Use the install script to boostrap the necessasy dependencies onto your system and get started. The script will:
- install `git` and `just`, if they are not found
- clone hi to `$HOME/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi`, if that directory does not already exist
- add a function definition for `hi` to your user profile, `$PROFILE`
```powershell
> iwr https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rudylattae/hi/refs/heads/main/install.ps1 -useb | iex
```

Preflight checks
If you wish, you may run the installer with a -PreFlight flag. This will only do some checks to see if you have the dependencies `hi` needs to run.

```powershell
& ([scriptblock]::Create((iwr https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rudylattae/hi/refs/heads/main/install.ps1 -useb))) -PreFlight
```

#### B) Manual steps
**1. Install prerequisites (git and Just)**
You will need to install git, install Just and configure the "hi" alias for your profile. You will need a simple tool to edit your profile and config files.  `VS Code`  or `NotePad++` will do nicely on Windows.
```powershell
> winget install Git.Git Casey.Just Microsoft.VisualStudioCode
```

**2. Clone the hi repo inot ~/bin**
```powershell
> cd ~/bin
> clone git@github.com:rudylattae/hi.git
```

**3. Configure the alias. **
Add the following function to your PowerShell profile. The function acts as a thin wrapper around just and loads the `main.just` always.

```powershell
# Edit your PowerShell profile
> code $PROFILE
```

```powershell
function hi() {
    just --shell "pwsh.exe" --shell-arg -c --justfile ${HOME}/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi/justfile $args
}
```

### On Linux
**1. Install prerequisites (git and Just)**
```bash
# Install just with install script (preferred)
$ curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://just.systems/install.sh | bash -s

# install just with package manager, see: https://just.systems/man/en/packages.html
# e.g. on Debian (Ubuntu, etc.) -- versions run behind, tread carefully.
$ apt install just
```

#### A) Experimental (Install script)

Use the install script to get hi onto your system and get started. The script will:
- check for a few dependencies and alert you if they are not found (`git` and `just`)
- clone hi to `$HOME/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi`, if that directory does not already exist
- add an alias for `hi` to your `~/.bash_aliases`
    - if `~/.bash_aliases` is not found, it will output the alias line for you to manually add it somewhere
```bash
$ curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rudylattae/hi/refs/heads/main/install.sh | bash -s
```

#### B) Manual steps

**1. Clone the hi repo into ~/bin**
```bash
$ mkdir -p ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae
$ cd ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae
$ git clone git@github.com:rudylattae/hi.git
```

**2. Configure the alias.**
Add the following alias to your .bash_rc or .bash_profile. The alias acts as a thin wrapper around just and loads the `main.just` always.

```bash
alias hi='just --justfile  ~/hi/github.com/rudylattae/hi/justfile $args'
```

## Configure
To configure hi, you would need to have 


## Usage
Once `hi` is installed and boostrapped on your machine, run it to see the available recipes
```powershell
> hi
Available recipes:
    self ...      # Manage "hi" itself
```

In this case you see the `self` module which is used to manage `hi` itself. To see what recipes are available in the `self` module do:
```powershel
> hi self
Available recipes:
    bootstrap             # Configure hi and get going
    path                  # Output the directory where hi's justfiles are
    publish version notes # Publish a new version
    push message          # Commit and push any changes
    update                # Update the hi repo to the lastest version
    up                    # alias for `update`
```
